1. [Same Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/same-tree/)

The **time complexity (TC)** of the isSameTree function is O(min(m, n)), where m and n are the number of nodes in the two binary trees being compared. This is because the function performs a depth-first traversal of the trees, and it stops as soon as it finds a mismatch or reaches the end of one of the trees. In the worst case, it may need to visit all nodes in the smaller tree.

The **space complexity (SC)** of the isSameTree function is O(min(m, n)), as the depth of the recursion stack is limited by the height of the smaller tree. In the worst case, if the trees are skewed and have the same height, the space complexity will be O(log(min(m, n))), where log is the logarithm to the base 2.

```cpp
bool isSameTree(TreeNode* p, TreeNode* q) {
        if(p == NULL && q== NULL) return true;
        if(p == NULL || q == NULL || p->val != q->val) return false;


        return isSameTree(p->left,q->left) && isSameTree(p->right,q->right);

    }
```

2. [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/)

The **time complexity (TC)** of the isSymmetric function is O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the binary tree. This is because the function essentially performs a depth-first traversal, comparing corresponding nodes in the left and right subtrees.

The **space complexity (SC)** is O(h), where h is the height of the tree. This is because the recursion depth is determined by the height of the tree. In the worst case, if the tree is skewed and has a height of n (where n is the number of nodes), the space complexity would be O(n). However, for a balanced tree, the space complexity is typically O(log n).

```cpp
bool isSymmetric(TreeNode* root) {
        return helper(root->left,root->right);

    }
    bool helper(TreeNode* l,TreeNode* r){

        if(l == NULL && r == NULL) return true;
        if(l==NULL || r ==NULL || l->val != r->val) return false;

        return helper(l->left,r->right) && helper(l->right,r->left);
    }
```
